Hello and welcome to the final tutorial of this module one building a block chain.
Now it is time for the demo.
You can hear by the sound of my voice and I'm super excited to show you this.
We're basically going to run the app as you can see by the less code section of our implementation.
We're going to run the app from our flask app and then we will jump into Boseman to make our requests
and we will test our two requests.
The mind block request to mine a block and to get chain request and we will actually start with this
get 10 request to make sure that when we run the whole code Well the Genesis block is well created with
I remind a proof of one and a previous hash of 0.
So we'll check that first and then we will mine some blocks we can mine as many blocks as you want and
from time to time we can get the chain to see the actual state of the chain.
So let's do all this.
Now we just need to make a single line of code to run this app and to do this we take our app object
which remains an instance of the flask class our app object.
And from this app object we are going to call the run method into which we have to input two arguments
the host and the port.
So to know exactly what we have to input for these two arguments.
Well let's go back to the flask.
Quickstart Guide so I'm going to go back to Google.
Here is the Quickstart Guide.
And as you can see our flask web application is running on this euro.
So we will put this u r l in postman but so far remember that we have to put in the run method from
our app object the host and the port.
So if we scroll down a little bit we can see a few words on the host and more specifically we can see
that if we trust the users on our network we can make the server publicly available simply by adding
hostie calls opens you up on 0.0.
And since we will all be interacting with our blood chain but in Mudgal too because that's only module
2 that we will de-centralized block chain.
Well we are already going into this hostie call zero point zero point zero point zero to make the server
publicly available.
That's our first argument.
Let's go back to Python to improve this.
So let's just base that inside sequel's zero point zero point zero.
But just be careful.
We need to put the four zeros in quotes just like that.
And now second argument the second argument is the port.
And again if we go back to the flask Quickstart Guide we can see the port.
It is the port 5000.
All right.
So let's just give you this let's go back to Python.
Here we go and let's put the second argument which is the port that is equal to 5000.
All right.
And now we ready to run the app.
So to run the app we not only need to run a single line of code but of course we need to run the whole
code.
So I just selected the whole code and just before we execute this what I recommend is to be in the right
folder and file explorer.
So I'm just going to go to my desktop and then my blocking it is a folder and then module one create
a block chain because in general it's recommended to execute the code in your working directory folder.
So here we go.
Let's run the whole code.
Are you ready.
Here we go.
All right.
Running on HTP open 0.0 0.0 Karlen 5000.
Everything seems to be all good.
So now we are ready to jump to.
So the server is up and running.
We have nothing left to do in Python.
We can now go to our list of programs or our list of applications for Mac users and find postman.
So remember I downloaded postman which was in my download folder but then I put it in my applications
folder.
So here it is let's double click on it and it should be opening in any second.
There it is.
And here is postman.
All right.
So welcome back to postman.
And now we're directly going to make our request and to make a request.
Well we simply need to answer the request.
You are all right here.
We first need to select the type of request as you can see have all the types of requests here including
GET and POST for.
And right now we will only be sending some get requests.
So let's play this.
It was our elected anyway and now we just need to enter the request.
So what is this request you are L..
Well that's exactly that you are RL I showed you in the Quickstart Guide.
But then after the last slash this you are l.
Well we need to add the name of the request we put in our decorator.
So first let's get the flask.
Or else I'm just going to go back to the flask Quickstart Guide To get the flexural.
So that's exactly what we need this year.
All right here.
So let's copy this.
Let's go back to postman and let's just play that here and now here we go we were ready to add any of
the two requests we made.
So as a reminder that in Python We made two requests.
The mind blank request to mine a block and the get change request to get the whole chain displayed in
Postman.
So we're going to start with this one.
We will see the whole chain which will just contain one block which will be the genesis Blug and then
we'll mind some blocks will mine like 10 to 20 blocks and from time to time we will display the blocks
and again to see if we have our blocks correctly added to the blotching.
So let's do this let's go back to postman.
All right.
As we said we're going to start with to get chain request.
So you just need to add ketchin here as I just did.
And then you have two choices either you click on send here or you can just press enter.
So as you want.
I'm going to press enter.
There you go.
And here you go.
Welcome to our blog.
Here is our block chain with only one plug.
The Genesis plug and we can confirm that the previous hash is zero.
And the proof is one and this block was created.
The fourth of February in 2018 at precisely midnight and 23 minutes you can now have a good idea of
what I am doing on a Saturday night.
So I get in request.
Works very well.
We have our Genesis block created.
We have the first block of our block chain.
Now let's mine some new blocks so to mine some new looks.
Well here we simply need to replace get chain by nine block and then same just press enter.
And here we go.
Index to as you can see this is the second block that is mind.
And we have our message.
Congratulations.
You just mind a block.
We have the previous hash which is the hash of the previous block which we could check by applying the
hash function that we made on the Genesis block.
Then we have the proof.
So the solution to our problem to get a cryptographic hash of the square of the new proof minus the
square of 1 starting with folding zeroes.
Well the solution to that was 533 meaning that the cryptographic hash of the encoded string of the square
of 533 9 of the square of 1.
That is one starts with four leading zeroes.
You can check that in the console.
By then if you want.
And again we have the time stamp our block was mind still on a Saturday night.
I haven't moved anywhere on the 4th of February at midnight and 34 minutes.
All right perfect.
So now let's just get our chain back that is let's just display again and it's very easy now and you
just need to replace mine like mega-chain and get trained by man Blug.
We're going to do that several times.
We're going to mine 20 or 30 blocks just for fun.
So let's press enter here and now here we go we have two blocks.
The Genesis block here of the next one.
And our first mind block of index 2 and we have also the length of the chain which indeed contains two
blocks.
All right.
Now let's play with this so I'm going to mine several blocks at a time.
So there we go mining a second block.
So here we go we have our new block of index three Congratulations you just mind to block and the proof
is now forty five thousand two hundred ninety three and it was mind at midnight 37 minutes.
Great.
Now let's make another Blug So the request is are you ready.
Let's press enter.
Here we go.
A new block of next four.
Enter again and you plug in the next five.
Enter enter enter.
I have tons of new mind blocks and I'm happy.
And so as you can see it's very easy to mount some blocks if you want to increase the complexity of
the problem.
You just need to make the operation more complex or an easier solution is to increase the number of
leading zeros.
I told you that it's a great way of increasing the complexity.
So here we go let's mine some new blocks again 16 17 18 19 20.
Now we have 20 blocks.
Let's check the state of our chain with the Get change request.
There we go.
And here is our chain now containing 20 blocks as we can see very clearly not only with the length here
say 20.
But with all our blogs with their indexes 16 17 18 19 20.
All right so perfect.
Our blood chain is functioning very well.
And so that means that we now have a general blood chain.
So much of what is done now we're going to move on to the next level which will be Mudgal 2 and Mudgal
2 will create a cryptocurrency the had coin and to create it we will start from this ruction we will
develop it.
We will decentralize it.
So we will create a decentralized network of several nodes and each of you by the way will be able to
get on some node to mine some blocks in the block chain to get the crypto currencies and you'll see
to develop this we will need to make some other requests which will not only be get requests but mostly
post requests because in this election we are going to add some data which will be the transactions
of the coins and to create these transactions we will need to make a post request creating adjacent
file containing the secured informations of the transactions with the sender the receiver and the amount
of coins exchanged.
I can't wait to build that coins.
And until then good luck checks.